[music]
I trained with a guy named Peter
Rollston. He was a world champion
[music] martial artist. He had a student
one time. He said, "This guy caught on
faster than anybody I've ever seen." And
I figured, yeah, what did he train
[music] before? He must have trained
something, you know, whatever. And he
goes, the guy, what what martial art did
you train?
And the [music] guy goes, I don't train
martial arts. I've never done any
martial arts. This is my first martial
art. So Peter steps back and he watches
him a little bit more. The guy is so
good. He's go, "Wait a minute. Wait a
minute. What do you mean you never
trained martial?" I said, "No, I don't."
But what do you train? Tango.
If you've ever watched tango, you see
there's [music] a kind of a way to feel
each other's key and move and and I do a
form we call [music]
dance. Just completely take the marshall
edge out and get you moving in that kind
of harmonious way with someone. And then
once you're there, you know, to be able
to do something Marshall from that
position becomes very easy. As he puts
that pressure in, if I've moved [music]
in a way that is in perfect harmony with
that, it doesn't bother me at all.
There's no way if I'm here that he's
going to hurt me. Now, he's going to
change his attack. I'm going to move
again. But as long as I'm slow motion,
[music] as long as I'm moving in harmony
with his force keep coming,
[music] he can't deliver any force or
pressure to me. There's somebody
watching with a highowered rifle
and as soon as the uh hostage is clear,
they're going to shoot you. The game is
how long can you stay [music] in the
practice here before the other person
falls? And maybe they don't and you
never get shot.
>> So if you get it over quickly, bang,
you're dead.
So just And it's a stupid [music] story,
but if you play with it a little bit, I
think it it takes off that rush to get
them to fall. And it's almost [music]
like you're sort of sorry when they do.
Oh, I'm dead too soon. Mark, thank you.
So, I I like to play this [music] game
of tango.
Oh, I'm dead already. Okay, if that
[music] helps you not be in a hurry to
throw, use it. If not, just pretend I
never said it. So that learning how to
tango with your partner
puts you in a position [music] where all
of the marshall stuff can happen.
All of the marshall stuff can happen
[music] and yet
there's no force or whatever required.
Okay, please
[music]